# cs-586-intro-to-dbms-project
The purpose of this project is to give the Showroom a simple and user- friendly interface to coordinate all the details regarding their Customers  and manufactures. In general, an company’s development and practices are its intentional efforts to improve current and future performance by helping customers to place their orders easily. • jewellery management system focuses on the basic entities of the manufacturing process. For example, the customers, manufactures, orders and showroom. • Jewellery Management Database is a storage capacity which enable the Showroom to keep track of their Customers, Manufacturers and their respective Orders efficiently. This database provides common platform for every Showroom. This project serves as a handy tool to manage and organize the details of the Customers and their respective Orders in a systematic manner. It also helps the administrator/manager to have good control on them. The database can be referred for most of the queries regarding the same, which eliminates the use of paper to a large extent. The main advantage is the flexibility of addition of Customers, Bill Generation and Display orders undertaken by a showroom data sharing and also the permanent storage of data which can be retrieved and referred anytime. • The Showroom of the database has a physical copy of all the details related to the Customers, Manufacturers and their respective Orders. But if this digitalized method is used, work is made easy and efficient along with the advantage of saving one’s time. • This can be applied to teachers’ training, IT industry training, students’ training or any sort of training in the real world as it is a generalized approach to cater the necessities of data storage, retrieval and modification operations.
